This is impossible.
God, you lift hundreds of kilograms
Throughout the ages
Only Chu Bawang Xiang Yu can do it, right?
This is not human
This is God
Keep your eyes open and take a good look
Lin Wenwen's results in the tryouts
Breaking the world record
Now what else do you have to say?
You continue to slander me, Hei Lin Wenwen
And marry him to that
Half-buried old man
So that the whole world can see your Lin Family Village
How to deal with a world record-breaking genius
Lin Wenwen
Oh, thank you kindly.
You rely on your own efforts.
change your life against the sky
From a little girl
Become the brightest rising star
You are not just my pride
It is also the pride of the sports school
And the pride of the world